"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today." – Franklin D. Roosevelt
"In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity." – Albert Einstein
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." – Theodore Roosevelt
"Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions." – Dalai Lama
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success." – Albert Schweitzer
"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." – John Lennon
"It always seems impossible until it’s done." – Nelson Mandela
"You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take." – Wayne Gretzky
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." – Alan Kay
"Not all those who wander are lost." – J.R.R. Tolkien
"Do or do not. There is no try." – Yoda
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." – Lao Tzu
"What we think, we become." – Buddha
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." – Theodore Roosevelt
"Everything you can imagine is real." – Pablo Picasso
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now." – Chinese Proverb
"Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny." – C.S. Lewis
"Be the change that you wish to see in the world." – Mahatma Gandhi
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." – Winston Churchill
"You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough." – Mae West
"What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make." – Jane Goodall
"The more you know, the more you realize you don't know." – Aristotle
"It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters." – Epictetus
"The purpose of our lives is to be happy." – Dalai Lama
"Life isn’t about finding yourself. It’s about creating yourself." – George Bernard Shaw
"Imagination is more important than knowledge." – Albert Einstein
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." – Albert Einstein
"Dream big and dare to fail." – Norman Vaughan
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." – Aristotle
"The best way out is always through." – Robert Frost
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you." – Walt Whitman
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." – Steve Jobs
"Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear—not absence of fear." – Mark Twain
"If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together." – African Proverb
"Fall seven times and stand up eight." – Japanese Proverb
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." – Nelson Mandela
"Don’t count the days, make the days count." – Muhammad Ali
"Opportunities don't happen. You create them." – Chris Grosser
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." – Mark Twain
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." – Henry David Thoreau
"Turn your wounds into wisdom." – Oprah Winfrey
"Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently." – Henry Ford
"It is never too late to be what you might have been." – George Eliot
"If you can dream it, you can achieve it." – Zig Ziglar
"Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life." – Steve Jobs
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." – William James
"Life is short, and it is up to you to make it sweet." – Sarah Louise Delany
